Enhance contributing guide (#79)
omnivector-solutions/osd-documentation: contributing.rst

  - second line should be empty
  - subsequent lines should describe the changes and explain why they are
    needed
  - See `How to Write a Git Commit Message <https://cbea.ms/git-commit/>`_ for
    a detailed guide on this subject

- linear history

  - always rebase your branch with master

>   - use fast forward merge or squash merge, when merging the Pull Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - When merging the Pull Requests, use fast forward merge or squash merge.
```

Release process
---------------

> The release process is a different process than writing code to add new
> features or to fix issues. Crafting a new release means building a new version
> of the product and making it available to clients and end users.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release process is separated from the development process.
The development process includes writing code to add features and or
fixing issues. The release process involves building a new version of the
product and making it available to clients and end users.
```
Suggesting edit for reading flow.

Author: That is much better!
